Source: 79badbc5-e976-4c7f-99a3-5fa53c724b6b
Title: bpmj-06-2024-0467en.pdf
Characters: 144,829

Content:
Unveiling how business process management capabilities foster dynamic 
decision-making for effectiveness of sustainable digital transformation 
Pham Quang Huy 
School of Accounting, University of Economics Ho Chi Minh City (UEH), 
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, and 
Vu Kien Phuc 
School of Accounting, University of Economics Ho Chi Minh City (UEH), Vinh Long
Campus, Vinh Long, Vietnam 
Abstract Purpose – This research aims at investigating how business process 
management capabilities (BPMC) impact 
the effectiveness of sustainable digital transformation (ESDT). Furthermore, it
delves into the mediation of dynamic decision-making (DDM) in the relationship 
between BPMC and ESDT. 
Design/methodology/approach – This research employed the hypothetico-deductive 
technique. The statistical 
database was generated from sample of 712 respondents from small and medium 
companies (SMEs) in Vietnam, utilizing convenience and snowball sampling 
methods. The two-step process utilizing structural equation modeling, supported
by SmartPLS version 4.1.0.9 and AMOS 28, was employed to assess the measurement
model, while SmartPLS version 4.1.0.9 was used to evaluate the structural 
model. 
Findings – The results of the analysis emphasize significant and positive 
correlations between the proposed 
constructs related to significance and effect size. The statistical results 
indicated that BPMC had a significant and beneficial effect on ESDT. This 
relationship was partially mediated by DMM. 
Practical implications – The salient point emphasized that practitioners should
prioritize enhancing focus on 
BPMC and DDM, as this would significantly facilitate more comprehensive 
solutions, enabling SMEs to achieve optimal success in sustainable digital 
transformation. Policymakers and government influencers are urged to 
concentrate on innovative attributes and ensure a conducive environment for the
implementation of innovation by enacting regulations that promote the 
application of digital technology. 
Or

... (142,829 more chars, use -o to save full content)
