Source: 716198dd-88ec-423c-9a84-fdafbfbfd08f
Title: intr-02-2024-0195en.pdf
Characters: 95,079

Content:
Artificial intelligence adoption and revenue growth in European SMEs: 
synergies with IoT and big data analytics 
Lorenzo Ardito 
Politecnico di Bari, Bari, Italy and 
Mount Royal University, Calgary, Canada 
Raffaele Filieri 
Audencia Business School, Nantes, France 
Elisabetta Raguseo 
Politecnico di Torino, Turin, Italy and Aix Marseille Univ, CERGAM, FEG, 
Aix-en-Provence, France, and 
Claudio Vitari 
Aix Marseille Univ, CERGAM, FEG, Aix-en-Provence, France 
Abstract Purpose – The conventional notion that adopting Artificial 
Intelligence (AI) positively affects firm performance 
is often confronted with various examples of failures. In this context, 
large-scale empirical evidence of the economic performance implications of 
adopting AI is poor, especially in the context of Small and Medium Sized 
Enterprises (SMEs). Drawing upon the Resource-Based View and the Digital 
Complementary Asset literature, we assessed whether the adoption of AI affects 
SMEs’ revenue growth. 
Design/methodology/approach – First, we examine the relationship between the 
adoption of AI and SMEs’ 
revenue growth. Second, we assess whether AI complements the Internet of Things
(IoT) and Big Data Analytics (BDA). We use firm-level data from the European 
Commission in 2020 on 11,429 European SMEs (Flash Eurobarometer 486). 
Findings – Among the key findings, we found that ceteris paribus, the adoption 
of AI positively affects SMEs’ 
revenue growth and, in conjunction with IoT and BDA, appears to be even more 
beneficial. 
Originality/value – Our results suggest that AI fosters SME growth, especially 
in combination with IoT and 
BDA. Thus, SME managers should be aware of the positive impacts of investments 
in AI and make decisions accordingly. Likewise, policymakers are aware of the 
positive effects of SMEs’ reliance on AI, so they may design policies and 
funding schemes to push this digitalization of SMEs further. 
Keywords Artificial intelligence, Revenue growth, Small and medium sized 
enterprise

... (93,079 more chars, use -o to save full content)
